As a developing country, there has always been a traffic issue which will lead to many incidents. The question arises is how did the traffic begin? is it due to roads or vehicle increments, whatever be the reason but for every question solution is there, therefore, to overcome this problem we built a system for traffic reduction and smooth travelling for emergencies that is “Car Parking Management system in real time”.  This project starts with number plate detection at toll gate with a high-resolution camera by which we can get the access of car’s owner’s details as a part of IP section rule using these details is an illegal without government permission so we will create a data for some currently running cars, at the same time slot detection and slot allocation will be provided, by which car’s owner can easily get the slot and parked accordingly. Slot detection includes detection of vacant and occupied slots and allocation is to allot slot for parking. The future we will include another way to book slots for parking is by creating an ID on our website and book slot with urges of funds for a particular time. Such a database will be created for all car so that all its previous records will be maintained which may be helpful for any future emergencies. The details mainly include the owner’s name, car’s name with model, time till the car has been parked and cars number. At the time of leaving depending upon hourly bases calculation, the billing will be generated which can be paid at the same time or by month ending on portal that can be used for better development of metropolitan cities.
